I'm this covered in paint here I've been
doing pretty good I got through midterms
alright I had the test in art history
and I don't know my grade on it but I
think I did well and I had a midterm in
life drawing and it was a joke okay and
the teacher kind of gives off it not
serious test miss but he's a good
teacher when it comes to drawing I took
him for a drawing - also I made myself
pudding so you know what and then
someone gave me blueberries
so I put them in and it's delicious I
got an email asking about illustration
and sequential art and I went out and I
interviewed some people for you guys so
I'm going to insert that clip here and
I'm leafing out sugar and we're both
sequential artist yeah so well are my
favorite part of being a sequential
artist is it's the whole process of
coming up with ideas and then creating
them and seeing them through and just
really exciting kind of my favorite is
just yeah like visual storytelling cuz
it's like the coolest thing ever
it's like professional childhood pretty
much you can come up with the story draw
cartoons and share stories with people
and it's a lot of fun alright and then
what do you see in yourself that makes
you more of a sequential artist versus
other types of major artists well I just
love the whole storytelling part which
you can do it to a certain extent in
other majors but really to really carry
it out visually in the most interesting
way I feel
three sequential art and I love story
warning of what I'm going towards and
watching when you create maybe in like
you know different panels turn into
possibly a film in a moving picture
really fascinates me Street said what do
you like about it
don't like about illustration um I like
all the elements becoming more aware of
what you're actually doing in the
implication of what you're doing alright
and what is benefits of being an
illustrator the benefits of being an
illustrator yes you learned how to draw
better for one thing that the class is
demanding coffee classes are demanding
they require you to be more aware of
what you're actually doing versus
drawing pretty pictures I'm Colin Dyer
in the junior in the sequential
department what's your favorite part
about being a sequential artist my
favorite part of being a sequential
artist is probably because probably like
the ability to blend the blend of art
with like storytelling as far as like
over a span of time rather than just
being able to do one image to tell
something that to run through an entire
process and tell the story in like how
you see it you need to integrate all
sorts of different types of things
together such as film and fine our
illustration and you can really go
anywhere with it and I just think it's
it's the whole idea of being a visual
story
tellers really appealing I hope that
helped you guys understand sequential
art an illustration a little better
again I apologize for not having how
much illustration stuff I ran out of
time as you can see you the clips got
kind of like and yeah this is fun I
enjoy being special major but I haven't
taken any major classes yet next quarter
though I'm planning on signing up for
classes so I will find out if I will be
taking any major classes which I'm
hoping so yeah and right now I'm working
on homework color theory that project I
showed you I'll uh in the next block
show you how it turned out and I will be
printing it tomorrow
and I will show you some other stuff
later I was thinking about showing you
guys through my life drawings but
fifteens naked people so let me know if
you're interested leave a comment if you
want to see some more of my work or if
you have any questions about Savannah
College of Art Design or if you have any
questions about life as an artist it's a
true that we really starve well I'm
almost like artist point and still
student so maybe life is better for me
yeah I'll talk to you guys next week